{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green134\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c25490\c61176\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear Mr. Wei\'df,\
Please find your project task below.\
Title:
\f1\b  Hair loss
\f0\b0 \
Task: build a model to predict a degree of hair loss, which ranges from 0 to 5, representing varying degrees of hair loss intensity.\
Data: hair_loss.csv (in the attachment)\
Creating a dataset for hair-fall prediction involves capturing various attributes potentially linked to hair health. Attributes like total_protein, total_keratine, hair_texture, vitamin, manganese, iron, calcium, body_water_content (ranging from 0 to 100), stress_level, and liver_data serve as potential indicators. Total_protein and total_keratine represent essential elements for hair strength and growth, while vitamin, iron, and calcium levels contribute to overall health. Manganese supports enzymatic functions related to hair health, while body_water_content signifies hydration, crucial for hair vitality. Stress_level and liver_data act as factors affecting hair conditions.\
The target attribute, hair_fall, ranges from 0 to 5, representing varying degrees of hair loss intensity. This dataset, generated with 100000 entries, mimics real-world scenarios, encompassing diverse values for each attribute. Analyzing this dataset can facilitate predictive modeling to ascertain the correlation between these attributes and hair fall.\'a0\
Requirements for the project:\
Build your solution in Python and provide:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
python script or a link to the Git repository with the code and documentation.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
readme.md ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gist.github.com/DomPizzie/7a5ff55ffa9081f2de27c315f5018afc"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://gist.github.com/DomPizzie/7a5ff55ffa9081f2de27c315f5018afc}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/}}\'a0)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
requirements.txt ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://frankcorso.dev/setting-up-python-environment-venv-requirements.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://frankcorso.dev/setting-up-python-environment-venv-requirements.html}}\'a0)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Prepare 10 - 15 min. presentation and upload it to Moodle "Final project" section until 02.01.2024 23:59
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Be ready to present it and tell how you developed it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Requirements and structure of the presentation:\
\'a0- Explain the task\
\'a0- Describe the data set\
\'a0- Present the classification model(s)\
\'a0- Provide the results\
\'a0- Make a conclusion\
\'a0- Provide references\
- Appr. 10 - 15 slides\
If you have any questions, please let me know.\
Best regards,\
Alina Nechyporenko\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
------- \
Angeh\'e4ngte Dateien ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://elearning.th-wildau.de/pluginfile.php/532334/block_quickmail/attachments/29914/1701627048_attachments.zip?forcedownload=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Alles herunterladen}}) \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://elearning.th-wildau.de/pluginfile.php/532334/block_quickmail/attachments/29914/1701627048_attachments.zip?forcedownload=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://elearning.th-wildau.de/pluginfile.php/532334/block_quickmail/attachments/29914/1701627048_attachments.zip?forcedownload=1}} \
------- \
Dateiinhalt herunterladen \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://elearning.th-wildau.de/pluginfile.php/532334/block_quickmail/attachments/29914/hair_loss.csv?forcedownload=1"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 hair_loss.csv}}}